Snapshots:
should adjust parameters in slots, even when reordered, it should know the specific instance
snapshots should not affect gloabl gain etc.
snapshots should not affect normalization

Cab:
by default just regular cab IR loader
cab normalization, only when engaged
cab capture - currently broken, capture itself was working fine, the ui loading was horrible, need to rework
sender -> cab -> receiver structure (should be obvious from the code)
sender sends the signal -> receiver profiles -> it takes the file and loads it in the slot -> A/B audition -> optional rename the file (there is already the edit name button)
cab A/B - MAKE SURE THERE IS NO VOLUME DIFF!!!
A - bypass slotsfx
B - slotsfx loaded, source plugin bypassed
DO NOT FUCK UP THE VOLUME DIFF!!! SHOULD AUDIOTION THE SAME VOLUME!!! OBVIOUSLY!!!!

Cab gain issue, for the same ir - nadir -12.6, my cab is like +3.2, and -3.7 with normalization
The convolution math and all gain stages check out at 0 dB defaults. 
Could you test with a specific input signal (e.g., -18 dBFS pink noise) and compare peak/RMS readings between NADIR and our cab (normalize OFF) using your DAW's native meter? 
That'll help isolate whether it's a convolution level difference or a metering discrepancy.

File loaders:
should have a pop up menu with currently loaded directory, so possible to broswe from plugin (it was implemented, got broken)
GLOBAL SETTINGS! There are already settings in the header menu for this - user should be able to set their ir/amps/captures/whatever directory once, and plugin should remember it (writes a settings file to disk?)

Output:
on each slot and on master - clipper? how hard would it be to implement a clipper on select slots that make sense and on the master?
should be performant! possibly with diff algos. how cpu expensive is it? all the clippers ive tried been cpu heavy, but should they?
performance reference - jst bg-drums - fastest one ive tried
perfect reference - newfanglend saturate
the same goes for limiter

Stereo:
Panning is broken

Near future fx:
octaver (with up and drop section, think Archetype Gojira) slot
gloabal pitch shift - what are even some real time algos?
doubler!!! great for live, prolly global - but is there more advanced ones rather than the basic whatever the dudes name was with the delayed channels

Tuning:
Tuner
Auto-tune - are there any good open source/general algos? fast, effecient, but good sounding