ui test server:
cd c:\soft_projects\NAM\ui_web
npm run dev

---------
Really important - the 3rd party plugin integration - why i made this in the firt place is, cause nam plugin was really bare bones and 
i wanted a single plugin where i can host and automate my guitar chain. that is why we neeed to implement this!!

Profiling:
nam
ir
i need some kind of eeeasy way to capture these.
let's start with ir's - could i load a plugin before (or inside this, but before would do too, if this works) and place slotsfx after,
then feed the profiling signal inside the channel input (does that even work like that???) and then capture it in the block, test it,
and if i like it, save it - does that work? or would it be better to integrate the hosting of other vsts, so that it is all done inside the plugin

and similar for nam profiles - could i do it all inside the plugin?

it would be killer feature, super convinient and make the process seamless
inspiration - spectrum thief plugin, it is really convinient 
--------
Second really important - snapshots!!!
The other use case - live rig (will start with guitar, but might use this for other things)
Basically, i want to activate and deactivate slots by changing snapshots, it would mean i could expose them to the daw and automate 
slots by automating snapshot changes - super convinient!!!!
It would go together with global macros - i could assign one or single value to a global macro and automate them together
which would enable me to control multiple things by automating just one parameter, again - killer automation tool!
----

So, these then would be the core important features that would make this an amazing tool for fast and effective workflow, both 
creating and capturing sounds and then using them live.

-----

hm, i thinking about the ableton simpler/sampler copy - could i just make that a slot? basically, it would load grid, with a sampler in each slot
and then i could make the sampler a slot itself, with modes like ableton simple, one shot etc., with all the tools they have and more... hm...
maybe even launch matrix integration - i have launchpad, ive tried playtime 2, but it does not cut it for me.... 
so, pads: 
could be either sampler mode or the 'play' mode, basically act as ableton launch matrix
and sampler:
basically the same as ableton
and file broser, so i can drag and drop samples and auto slice them like in ableton, but more flexible

this would mean multi track operation and routing... and midi. basically a pseudo daw.
could use realearn for mapping, to ease this up... and make it like multi track live performance daw controler/effects rack
but then - do we allow multi input? or single input and multi output? if only single input, it would not handle multiple elements being processed at the same time, so that would be a must in that case.
that could also mean, that i would have to allow change input and ouput for each slot? or multiple racks, for each input?
mockups? visual is very important...

hm, so maybe makeing the rack acts as some sort of grid? inputs at the top, each column is a single channel, then it does not sound even that complicated...
i could change channel count, default is 2, then it would act as it acts now:
l in  | r in
slot  | slot
slot  | slot
  wide slot
slot  | slot
l out | r out

but then, if change the in/out count:
1 in | 2 in | 3 in | 4 in
slot | slot | slot | slot
 wide slot (affects all?)
slot | slot | slot | slot

16 stereo / 32 mono max in / out?

think mixture between uvi falcon (but actually usable/intuitive lmao), ableton samplers/racks and clip launcher + incredible flexibility and usability.
grid controllers then become control center:
session - 2 modes:
rack controller - turns off effects and shit
clip launcher

but would then even pads slot make sense?
if i have the grid rack, i could loud a bunch of samplers (via auto cut (but the also - sequencer?? dont need it begin with, could feed of daw, but for standalone operation, using daw only host?))
then the 2 session modes do not make sense - the grid is mutable?
hm, but reaper limits input to stereo, so might not be that straight forward.... unless it can get inputs straight from the interface and truly just use the daw as a host. but i drag and drop sends from other tracks,
so this is not even a limitation.... scratch that whole limiation, i can change change input channel count in reaper too....

hm, so maybe - 2 rack grids! meaning:
the standart rack grid (inputs)
center inspector
right output matrix grid?
but is this even the best approach?
keep in mind mixed use - audio/midi/and advanced sampling

either this, or we go with - 1 instrument = 1 instance approach, with multi instance overview, like with fabfilter latest updates
instance still has the grid, but grid can be extended up to 8 column grid, to handle midi samplers, making it perfect for audio and midi sampling, but then do keep the pads slot? with the full ableton rack functionality?
but then maybe 2 quasy modes? audio/midi(multi out)
or make each channel or pair either:
mono
stereo/pair
midi

but if a midi channel is the rack, it will have multi out...

then midi channels would be treated the same way as ableton, as individual racks

but then, what do i gain by slamming it one plugin? not saying im not, but am i, idk
and for audio processing, i get what i need with the 2 channels... so, would the workflows obstruct each other?
so make:
slotsfx - stereo | instruments fx, both mid and audio
pads/rack - multi channel | midi the super cool sampler with all the fx from slots... basically, rack for each channel of the sampler, and then all the clip launching extra functionality
but make them talk to each other, and be overviewable from each other, making it the ultimate performance suite
but then it would still be the same 2 left/right grid paradigm, just with the multi track one, each pad / sampler will have its own rack

any how - i need this in a future proposal dock, so it is laid out and i can see the direction more clearly

-----

the macros is a mess - if i assign a param to macro, and i have multiple instances of that fx, it will change all the matching values - completely wrong!
and i think there are similar issues when multiple instances of the same slot are opened, it think there is fundamentally something wrong with handlking duplicate instances of plugins/slots. it should not happen.

besides the macros, do you see anything else fundamentally wrong with how instances are handle that would cause shit like that?

[tuner] - chromatic guitar tuner - works greate
[shifter] - poly ptuch shifter for guitar and other poly and mono tonal sources
[tuning] - auto tuner

---
